[Music]
the accent they elect over time
and again the skills the world's
greatest detective isn't what he used to
be but some things I am now leaving
France this is a bad idea never change
[Music]
he's back on the case they want to
Cruiser crews oh don't don't ask he's
not the obvious choice tell me more
about Inspector Clouseau
he's a little strange
[Music]
but he's up for the challenge what do
you think this is a tape recorder now it
only looks like a dip recorder
it's actually a pen his moves are
sharper a secret very successful car the
attack is the element of surprise
good one thank you it's challenges are
greater no Amala I say that burger no
you said burrata burger and bars bar but
on February 6 to better visualize the
crime I'm going to place myself in your
position he's showing the world I am
going at aren't you singing
[Applause]
he's still the best man for the job
how's the case coming let me bring you
up to speed
[Applause]
[Music]
we know nothing you are now up to speed
Pink Panther to home inspect more at the
panther calm
[Music]